Added DatePicker (#5324)
slint-ui/slint: docs/reference/src/language/widgets/datepicker.md

<!-- Copyright © SixtyFPS GmbH <info@slint.dev> ; SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT -->

## struct `Date`

> Defines a date width day, month and year

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines a date with day, month, and year
```

### Fields

-   **`day`(int)**: The day value (range from 1 to 31).
-   **`month`(int)**: The month value (range from 1 to 12).
-   **`year`(int)**: The year value.

## `DatePicker`

> A date picker that is usd for selecting a date. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a date picker to let the user select a date. 
```

### Properties

-   **`title`** (_in_ _string_): The text that is displayed at the top of the picker.
-   **`cancel-label`** (_in_ _string_): The text written in the cancel button.
-   **`ok-label`** (_in_ _string_): The text written in the ok button.

> -   **`date`**: (_in_ _Date_): Set the initinal displayed date. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **`date`**: (_in_ _Date_): Set the initial displayed date. 
```

-   **`input-title`**: (_in_ _string_): Title that displayed on the date input `LineEdit`. 
-   **`input-placeholder`**: (_in_ _string_): Placeholder text that is displayed on the date input `LineEdit`. 
-   **`input-format`**: (_in_ _string_): Defines the format that is used to parse the text of `LineEdit`. For more details check the https://docs.rs/chrono/latest/chrono/format/strftime/index.html. (default `"%m/%d/%Y"`) 

### Callbacks

> -   **`cancled()`**: The cancel button was clicked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **`cancelled()`**: The cancel button was clicked.
```

-   **`accepted(Date)`** The ok button was clicked.

### Example

```slint
import { DatePicker, Button } from "std-widgets.slint";
export component Example inherits Window {
    width: 600px;
    height: 600px;

    time-picker-button := Button {
        text: @tr("Open datePicker");

        clicked => {
            time-picker.show();
        }
    }

    date-picker := PopupWindow {
        width: 360px;
        height: 524px;
        close-on-click: false;

        DatePicker { 
            canceled => {
                date-picker.close();
            }

            accepted(date) => {

>                 debug(date);

Reviewer: Perhaps instead of a debug it would be better to set the selected date on three labels (y/m/d). But doesn't have to be in the PR :)
